I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific. - Lily Tomlin
If you don't know where you're going, you might wind up someplace else. - Yogi Berra
Luck is what you have left over after you give 100 percent. - Langston Coleman
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door. - Kyle Chandler
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia. - Charles Schulz
Change is not a four letter word... but often your reaction to it is! - Jeffrey Gitomer
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night. - Steve Martin
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Albert Einstein
A diamond is merely a lump of coal that did well under pressure. - Unknown
Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. - Will Rogers
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. -Truman Capote
If you're going to be able to look back on something and laugh about it, you might as well laugh about it now. - Marie Osmond
If you end up with a boring, miserable life because you listened to [someone] telling you how to do your shit, you deserve it. - Frank Zappa
If you fall, I'll always be there. - The Floor
Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats. - Voltaire
Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice; In practice, there is. - Chuck Reid
Write a wise saying and your name will live forever. - Anonymous
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing. - Aristotle
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. - Lao Tzu
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. - Henry Ford
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. - Margaret Mead
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday. - Don Marquis
I believe if life gives you lemons, you should make lemonade... And try to find sombody whose life has given them vodka, and have a party. - Ron White
I don't think anyone should write their autobiography until after they're dead. - Samuel Goldwyn
Life would be tragic if it weren't funny. - Stephen Hawking
An idea isn't responsible for the people who believe in it. - Don Marquis
It's funny how most people love the dead, once you're dead, you're made for life. - Jimi Hendrix
If you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. - Clint Eastwood
Conversation would be vastly improved by the constant use of four simple words: I do not know. - Andre Maurois
